Your test confirms that fabled-skein-412514 is indeed scheduled for deletion (lifecycleState: DELETE_REQUESTED). Any cluster or data inside it will be permanently removed soon.

Since you only need this for a class demo and not for commercial use, Scenario 2 (running entirely for free inside Cloud Shell) is the perfect solution for you.

Here are the answers to your questions and how to set up your free demo:

1. Do I need a Google Cloud project for Scenario 2?
No, you do not need a paid GKE project or active billing.

Cloud Shell itself is a free utility. While you must have a project selected to use Cloud Shell (in this case, your active project gen-lang-client-0441613979), you do not need to pay anything, enable billing, or create any cloud infrastructure like GKE.
Everything runs locally on the free virtual machine behind your Cloud Shell.
2. What if I change the project name to my current Gemini project (gen-lang-client-0441613979)?
If you want to keep using Scenario 1 (GKE) under your new project:

You would have to manually create a new GKE cluster inside gen-lang-client-0441613979 first, which requires enabling billing.
Unless you have free credits or want to pay for a GKE cluster, we highly recommend shifting to Scenario 2 instead.
3. How to run your Argo CD demo for free (Scenario 2)
You can run your demo entirely inside Cloud Shell using Minikube (a local, lightweight Kubernetes cluster that runs in your free Cloud Shell VM).

To do this, run these commands in your Cloud Shell terminal:

Step A: Start your local Kubernetes cluster
minikube start
Generated code may be subject to licence restrictions not shown here. Use code with care.Learn more 

(This will boot up a local single-node Kubernetes cluster inside your Cloud Shell environment for free).

Step B: Install Argo CD inside your local cluster
Create a namespace for Argo CD:
kubectl create namespace argocd
Generated code may be subject to licence restrictions not shown here. Use code with care.Learn more 

Install Argo CD:
kubectl apply -n argocd -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/argoproj/argo-cd/stable/manifests/install.yaml
Generated code may be subject to licence restrictions not shown here. Use code with care.Learn more 

Step C: Access the Argo CD UI for your demo
To show the Argo CD interface during your class demo:

Port-forward the Argo CD service:
kubectl port-forward svc/argocd-server -n argocd 8080:443
Generated code may be subject to licence restrictions not shown here. Use code with care.Learn more 

Click the Web Preview button (the web-and-pencil icon at the top right of your Cloud Shell window).
Select Preview on port 8080. This will open the Argo CD login page in a new tab!
This setup is completely free, safe from project deletions, and perfect for a classroom demonstration.

Would you like help adapting your .customize_environment script or your Kubernetes manifests to run smoothly on this local Minikube cluster?

Base on this info i will try to confugure my demo for ASE-Fall26 on free cloud shell
